docs: core-contract DTO field validation (#891)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/getting-started/Ch-GettingStartedDTOValidation.md

## Tag usage
EdgeX verifies the struct fields by using go-playground/validator validation tags or custom validation tags, for [example](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/main/dtos/device.go):
```
type Device struct {
	DBTimestamp    `json:",inline"`
	Id             string                        `json:"id,omitempty" validate:"omitempty,uuid"`
	Name           string                        `json:"name" validate:"required,edgex-dto-none-empty-string,edgex-dto-rfc3986-unreserved-chars"`
	Description    string                        `json:"description,omitempty"`
	AdminState     string                        `json:"adminState" validate:"oneof='LOCKED' 'UNLOCKED'"`
	OperatingState string                        `json:"operatingState" validate:"oneof='UP' 'DOWN' 'UNKNOWN'"`
	...
}
```
The device name field contains the following validation:

- **required** validation tag ensures the value is not zero, empty string, or nil

> - **edgex-dto-none-empty-string** validation tag trims white space and ensures the value that is not an empty string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **edgex-dto-none-empty-string** validation tag trims white space and ensures the value is not an empty string
```

Author: Modified.

- **edgex-dto-rfc3986-unreserved-chars** validation tag checks the value that does not contain reserved characters

You can find more validations in the [go-playground/validator](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-playground/validator/v10) and EdgeX custom validations in the [go-mod-core-contracts](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/main/common/validator.go).

## Character restriction
The EdgeX uses the custom validation **edgex-dto-rfc3986-unreserved-chars** to prevent the user inputting the reserved characters.

This validation allows for only the following characters:

- alphabet: a-z, A-Z
- digital number: 0-9
- special character: - _ ~ : ; =

!!! edgey "EdgeX 2.3"

>     We need to reduce the character restriction for the following use cases:

Author: Modified.

# DTO Validation

> The [go-mod-core-contracts](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/) leverage the  [go-playground/validator](https://github.com/go-playground/validator/) as DTO validator because it provide common validation function and custom mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [go-mod-core-contracts](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/) leverage the  [go-playground/validator](https://github.com/go-playground/validator/) for DTO validation as it provides common validation function and customization mechanism.
```

Author: Modified.

## Tag usage

> EdgeX verify the struct fields by using go-playground/validator validation tags or custom validation tags, for [example](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/main/dtos/device.go):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EdgeX verifies the struct fields by using go-playground/validator validation tags or custom validation tags, for [example](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/main/dtos/device.go):
```

Author: Modified.

```
type Device struct {
	DBTimestamp    `json:",inline"`
	Id             string                        `json:"id,omitempty" validate:"omitempty,uuid"`
	Name           string                        `json:"name" validate:"required,edgex-dto-none-empty-string,edgex-dto-rfc3986-unreserved-chars"`
	Description    string                        `json:"description,omitempty"`
	AdminState     string                        `json:"adminState" validate:"oneof='LOCKED' 'UNLOCKED'"`
	OperatingState string                        `json:"operatingState" validate:"oneof='UP' 'DOWN' 'UNKNOWN'"`
	...
}
```
The device name field contains the following validation:

> - **required** validation tag checks the value that is not zero value, empty string, or nil

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **required** validation tag ensures the value is not zero, empty string, or nil
```

Author: Modified.

> - **edgex-dto-none-empty-string** validation tag trim white spaces and checks the value that is not the empty string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **edgex-dto-none-empty-string** validation tag trims white space and ensures the value that is not an empty string
```

Author: Modified.

> - **edgex-dto-rfc3986-unreserved-chars** validation tag checks the value that does not contain reserved chars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **edgex-dto-rfc3986-unreserved-chars** validation tag checks the value that does not contain reserved characters
```

Author: Modified.

You can find more validations in the [go-playground/validator](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-playground/validator/v10) and EdgeX custom validations in the [go-mod-core-contracts](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/main/common/validator.go).

## Character restriction

> The EdgeX uses the custom validation **edgex-dto-rfc3986-unreserved-chars** to prevent the user input the reserved characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EdgeX uses the custom validation **edgex-dto-rfc3986-unreserved-chars** to prevent the user inputting reserved characters.
```

Author: Modified.

> This validation allows the following kind of characters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This validation allows for only the following characters:
```

Author: Modified.

- alphabet: a-z, A-Z
- digital number: 0-9
- special character: - _ ~ : ; =

!!! note
    We need to reduce the character restriction for some use cases:

     - In BACNet protocol, the user might combine object type and property as the resourceName, for example, analog_input_0:present-value

>      - In OPC_UA protocol, the user might use NodeId as the resourceName, for example, ns=10;s=Hello:World

Reviewer: Should this be an `edgey` note stating the in EdgeX 2.3 the character restriction was reduced for the following use cases?

Author: Modified to use edgey note.

> ## How to add new validation

Reviewer: Why do we need this section? IMO it is not appropriate for getting started guide. 
This is targeted for developers. By doing this the developer has to rebuild all other EdgeX components. So only real target for this would be us. We don't do this sort of documentation for other parts of our code. 

@cloudxxx8 , thoughts?

Author: I removed this section because this doc is for the user guide.

> To add a new validation, we need to create the **validation function** and register to validator with specified **tag** in the [**init function**](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/adffc7ef9ef0bd2f646481272fdfdab5b72de8fe/common/validator.go#L46):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To new validation,  create the new **validation function** and register with the validator with specified **tag** in the [**init function**](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/adffc7ef9ef0bd2f646481272fdfdab5b72de8fe/common/validator.go#L46):
```

Author: Modified.
